[Music]
let's go knocking is Megan here and
today I want to talk about the be a pro
trailer I don't know if you've seen it
or not and if you haven't I suggest
watching actually we're gonna go through
here today and the reason why is because
I truly believe that it might be the
best trailer EA has ever made in history
of trailers that's what I'm thinking and
I'm not even extremely biased actually I
am because I made it I'm in the trailer
baby it's kind of crazy I didn't know
they're gonna put me in it they didn't
say hey bacon we're gonna shove you in
the bein pro trailer here so heads up
for it not they didn't says that didn't
happen none of that was happening they
didn't ask me they didn't tell me they
didn't say here we go but anyway let's
check out the trailer and then we'll
talk about it real quick
it's good it's good we're in it whether
your thing is going bar down from the
slot now shutting down the opponent's
star player or making that huge save in
the dying seconds yeah big same in NHL
16s be a pro determines the player
you'll become I like that your career
begins by creating your customized pro
and choosing the position and player
type you prefer from there it's time to
decide your path to the show prove
yourself in the junior ranks to earn a
high draft position got four heads
straight to the pros and battle for your
spot and now you gotta prove yourself be
a pearls revamps player progression
system puts the future in your hands
allowing your own eye style to directly
influence the type of player you'll grow
into yeah I like that if you want to
develop these like your route or
Tyler Seguin then put aside the ness and
stick handling to evolve in those areas
prefer the physical side of the sport
playing the body and battling in the
dirty areas of the ice will progress
your player in a much different way
take shell sixty and give you the
control to shape your legacy how you see
fit and then billing to sim directly to
your next shift means you'll never need
to take a break from the action again
your players development doesn't end on
the ice either all new off ice training
helps take your progression to the next
level allowing you to manage your weekly
workout time and ensure you're always
building your player's skill set to stay
you just figure you actually have to
proud to help me perfect your skills
we've introduced all new visual on ice
training visual aids project shooting
targets passing lanes Vulcan team G's
animals no matter what type of player
you are and which career path you choose
the angle is always the same and that's
the lift the Stanley Cup how you achieve
that is off to you Nyquist got smooth
there as you can see paddy cane has been
taken off the cover that's confirmed now
so it's just Johnny T from what we can
see there also it kind of showed the
pre-order thing I don't know the fine
detail somebody put in the comment
section I know it's out there but
basically you can get hot packs I don't
know the exact numbers said $25 there I
don't know if that's the only offer they
have or not but anyways the bottom line
is I'm in the be a pro trailer just a
youtuber just making videos just having
fun with it we got put in a trailer
that's kind of good that's a long shot
from when I got banned just over a year
ago by EA so we've come a long way here
we've come a long way anyway it's kind
of neat I'm gonna have to try out this
game mode mainly cuz I'm in the trailer
no I'm just kidding but I actually want
to try this out
last year I was thinking about trying it
out and then soon as I seen you cannot
simulate chefs yeah that not a
chance in hell I knows in previous games
but last year absolute joke so that was
a must now that back few other cool
things the one thing I do wonder you
know that target that cheese zone thing
that they showed will you be able to see
that one you're a net to like where they
should be shooting on you so you can
kind of adjust and cover I don't know
I'm interested I'm obviously gonna try a
net they have me in here his net I'm a
goalie I'm a tender anyway I like this
anyways let me know what you guys think
about being pearl I thought I had to
talk about this quick cuz I mean my
first time in a trailer right it's
pretty neat it's kind of cool
right anyway so anyways guys hopefully
guys like this video I got a lot more to
come we'll see you guys soon